README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## THE STUDY Application 

This application is a study tool.  It allows students to create sets of flash cards by topic under predefined subjects.  This helps them test and reinforce their knowledge

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm install`
### `npm start`

## Usage guide

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

Upon opening the application you are brought to the home page.  Select one of the subjects on the navigation bar. You will see a list of all topics available for that subject as well as an input form that allows you to add a new topic for that subject.

You can click on the 'Delete Topic' button to delete that topic.

Upon clicking the 'Flash Cards' button, You will see a list of all flash cards available for that topic as well as an input form that allows you to add a new flash card for that topic. You can click on the 'Delete Card' button to delete that flash card.

Commit message:

Update to include backend link

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## THE STUDY Application 

This application is a study tool.  It allows students to create sets of flash cards by topic under predefined subjects.  This helps them test and reinforce their knowledge.  This is a front end that works with the "The Study" backend api.  (https://github.com/ginasekhar/the-study-backend.git)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

  npm install
  npm start

## Usage guide

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

Upon opening the application you are brought to the home page.  Select one of the subjects on the navigation bar. You will see a list of all topics available for that subject as well as an input form that allows you to add a new topic for that subject.

You can click on the 'Delete Topic' button to delete that topic.

Upon clicking the 'Flash Cards' button, You will see a list of all flash cards available for that topic as well as an input form that allows you to add a new flash card for that topic. You can click on the 'Delete Card' button to delete that flash card.
